Mum's been working hard lately, but I wish she worked harder for Jehovah.
I try to help out where I can.
Oh, by the way, I'm Jin.
Every day starts the same.
I grab a drink of water.
I say hi to Jin.
He's in my congregation.
And then, there's Mikiong.
Okay, here we go.
I say hello.
She says something clever.
I try to leave.
So, this is different.
She's having trouble in math and needs my help.
I don't want to be rude, but if I help her with her homework,
how far could the relationship develop?
How do you say no to a girl like her?
Why can't I get out of my head?
Things are always better when Uncle and Auntie are around.
Even Mum makes sure she's home for dinner and broadcast night.
Uncle wants to work together in service this weekend.
Maybe that will help clear my head.
Jehovah must be disappointed in me.
I couldn't take it anymore.
It was difficult, but I told Uncle everything.
I felt guilty that I knew I shouldn't, but I liked the attention.
We read Genesis 39 7 through 12.
I knew the account about Potiphar's wife,
but he mentioned something I hadn't thought of before.
He told Potiphar's wife,
how could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?
But why did Joseph have to flee?
Joseph fought her every day,
but she wasn't going to give up.
In her mind, it wasn't a question of if, but when?
There came a point where he had to flee.
I explained why I was ending the relationship,
but she would not give up.
You know the last thing she said to me?
That I was a coward, but she's wrong.
You're never a coward if you run to Jehovah.